---
title: Change management
date: 2019-11-03 21:11:00
tags:
    learn english
---
Some positives and negatives points as below:

l  Set
achievable aims

l  Plan
ahead

l  Out
of control

l  Unrealistic
expectations

l  Lack
of foresight

l  Stay
on track

Step 1 – Create a sense of urgency

It’s not enough
for change to simply be a good idea – people need to understand why they need
to act now. Make the objectives real and relevant with an honest and convincing
dialogue about what’s happening in the marketplace and why the change is
necessary.

Step 2 – Build the guiding team

Bring
together a group of people with the right mix of skills from across the company
to plan ahead and be the driving force behind this change. Select people who
want to work on this change rather than those who have to, Have them brainstorm
all possible complications – a lack of foresight at this stage is one of the
key reasons some changes fail to stick.

Step 3 – Create a vision

Have this
team establish a clear idea of the desired outcome to give people a sense of
where they’re heading. When people can see the vision for themselves, then they
can focus on the initiatives that are needed to achieve it. Be careful to avoid
setting unrealistic expectations however – you don’t want to set the team up
for disappointments later.

Step 4 – Engage people

Involve as
many staff as possible by giving them opportunities to act and ensuring these
actions are supported and encouraged, The more people who feel empowered by
doing what they want to do rather than what they have to do, the more likely
the change will occur.

Step 5 – Remove obstacles

Consider any
possible barriers to achieving the vision, These could be existing hierarchies,
processes or even people who refuse to participate, Eliminating these barriers
builds the necessary freedom and empowerment that allows people to move forward
with making the change.

Step 6 – Create short term wins

Set
achievable aims that can quickly deliver positive results for your team. Then
celebrate when those aims are met. Nothing motivates more than success and
celebrating these achievements prevents negative thinkers from hurting the
progress of the change.

Step 7 – Sustain the change

Real change
takes time so continue to celebrate achievements as you meet future goals, If
you run into problems, deal with them as soon as possible. Don’t risk undoing
your progress just because the change is now official, as even at this stage a
negative situation can quickly get out of control.

Step 8 – Formalize the change

Reinforce the
successful change by making it policy, This ensures that the values and
initiatives are seen day-to-day in the company and that existing and future
company leaders continue to support the vision and help the change stay on
track.